Q2 WALKING HOME, LOCAL TAVERN

	Merry leaves Mr. Denton's after agreeing to think about working for him. He starts walking back to his room. He is confused, but he Trusts Mr. Denton for some reason and mixed with his innate curiosity this seems to be overriding his caution. Therefore his primary emotion is excitement.
	As he leaves the shop he notices the gold coin in his pocket and he starts pondering the ways he could spend it. It's light out now so he can see the shops. He notices a a gun shop and thinks that he has always wanted to fire one of the devices that the Chancellor of magic has forbidden a magician to own. Then he sees a charm shop and ponders visiting it. He briefly considers taking a cab instead of walking, but decides that he doesn't want the students at school to get suspicious or notice he sudden windfall.
	Then Merry pulls out his new pocket watch, he is entranced by it, but looking at the time snaps him out of his confusion and excitement and he realizes he has to hurry back or he will be late to class. He decides to concentrate on school and give his answer some more consideration after classes are over for the day. This whole first part is designed to show his excitement/bewilderment i.e. he is so caught up in his excitement/confusion that he forgets he has to hurry to class.
	Time skips to after school is out. Merry has decided to treat himself to a nicer meal than he usually enjoys at a local tavern the "Dirk and Thistle". He ponders his decision over (research some traditional victorian food, was gonna go with meat pie, but that is street food wanted something a little nicer). He reviews his options. He can agree to work for Denton and get paid. He could go there tomorrow and tell him he has decided not to work for him or he could forget the whole thing and never see Mr. Denton's shop again.
	Merry anticipates the consequences of his choices. At first he thinks that what if Mr. Denton was wrong and someone at school will find out he is helping him enchant technology. If he is discovered he will be expelled and dash his dreams of helping his family. But then he realizes that since his small allowance from home has dried up he won't be able to afford books and will likely not be able to complete school anyway. He also realizes that he has already taken a gold piece from a man whom the headmaster of the school wouldn't approve of and this in itself was probably enough to get him expelled.
	Merry chooses to go ahead and dive in. He decides that he will get up early again tomorrow and tell Mr. Denton he has agreed to work for him.