S3 AT MR. DENTON'S

	Merry is just outside of Mr. Denton's his goal is to tell Mr. Denton he has agreed to work for him on the condition that he teaches him everything he know's about the gadgets and technological devices in his workshop.
	Merry knocks on the door but the door swings open, it appears the lock is broken. Merry is very concerned and knows something is up so he walks cautiously into the shop. He calls out for Mr. Denton. Not hearing an answer he heads to the back of the shop. He notices the case of pocket watches has been smashed.
	Merry heads to the cellar and sees that the trap door is open. He climbs down the ladder. It is pitch black he knows he's not supposed to use his magic, but no one will see so he snaps his fingers and an orb of light appears in front of him. He notices the crystal that was the light source has fallen to the ground and is shattered. He notices a drawer is open and and a pistol is laying in it. He picks up the gun, it has runes inscribed on the side of the barrel faintly glowing blue.
	As he is staring down at the gun, he hears a voice call his name. He looks up to find Myka in front of him. Startled Merry aims the gun at her. Myka laughs at him and tells him to put the gun down, as it's not even cocked. He looks at it and pulls back the hammer.
	Myka tells him that she is a friend of Mr. Denton's, but she doesn't have time to explain any more because they have to leave now. He says he's not going anywhere until she explains what happened to Mr. Denton. 
	They hear footsteps up above. She says they have to leave now, Mr. Denton was taken and now the people who took him will kill her and take Merry if they don't leave now. She reveals she jammed the trap door closed which should hold them for a while. As she says that there is a pounding coming from the trap door in the celling. 
	She tells Merry there is a back exit further down the catacombs, she tells him to go first with his light. They make there way out of the smooth carved room that is the workshop into a passageway more roughly hewn from stone. There are passageways leading in multiple directions but Myka seems to know which ones to take. At the end of the passageway there is a brick wall. Myka Pushes on the part of the wall and it rotates reaving that it is a hidden door with a hinge that goes down through the center of the door. As the door opens Merry is hit with a terrible stench and almost vomits. Myka squeezes through the door and tells Merry to hurry. He overcomes his nausea and goes through. They walk into an arched tunnel made of brick. There is a channel running through it filled with sewage. You can walk on either side of the channels on a narrow walkway. Merry has to duck b/c the celling is too low for him. They hurry for a hundred or so yards and there is a ladder leading up to an access door in the floor of an alley. They climb up the ladder.
	By this time the bad guys realize they are not in the shop and fan out to search for them. She hears someone coming down the street so she pulls Merry into an alcove and tells him to shut out his light. The bad guys are dressed in typical early victorian working class clothes and are armed with pistols one has a latern. They turn into the alley and walk down it to search it b/c it is too dark to see it to the end. 
	They are quiet until the bad guys walk past the alcove then Myka trips one of them as he falls she draws her spring loaded dart pistol and shots the other through the neck a flower of plumage seeming to sprout from his adams apple. Before the other guy can get up she steps down on his chest and slits his throat with the tip of her rapier that she drew from her umbrella.
	Merry is obviously shocked by this vicious and effortless display and she grabs him by the hand and the slip out of the alley and run around the corner to her waiting carriage. She tells her driver to hurry and they are off.