	Merry mopped his forehead and cursed silently under his breath.  The library was hot and Merry had worked up quite a sweat moving large heavy stacks of books from one shelf to another.  He glanced up at the sound of laughter from a group of students at the table directly across from him.  Immediately self conscious, he smoothed his damp, fair hair, which at this moment resembled a bale of straw,  and hoped his face was not too flushed pink with heat.  He sighed, relieved as he realized the students sitting nearby appeared not to have noticed him.  They appeared not to notice the stifling heat in the library either.  No doubt, they all possessed atmosphere charms that made the air around them cool and comfortable. Making one for himself was out of the question since he was still an unlicensed magician.  He wished he could afford to buy one,  charms were expensive and he could not afford such an extravagance.    He could not afford to attend the School either. Merry knew that if it weren't for the scholarship he had earned six years ago when he had impressed the School of Magic with his unusual abilities, that he would never have been able to even enter the prestigious library of magic.  He supposed he should be grateful that he was even here at all, serving as an assistant to the librarian of the school of magic.   Professor McQuillen was one of the most respected magicians in the world and possessed a vast amount of knowledge of the history of magic.  Merry knew he should be appreciative of the opportunity to even be near such a man but at the moment, all he could think about was how hard the librarian made him work. 
	Glaring at the group of students gathered at the table not ten feet in front of him, Merry realized he was jealous.  And why shouldn't he be?  They seemed to have such an effortless existence, plenty of gold as well as a comfort charm for every occasion. Though they were forbidden from using magic for ordinary chores,  as was Merry, he knew that they had far fewer chores than he did.  And what chores they did complete were no doubt made much more comfortable by the expensive charms that their wealthy parents had provided them with.  Their parents, too could afford to send them large monthly allowances that they frittered away at the expensive entertainment establishments that cropped up near the school to cater to the students.
	 Merry's family was far from wealthy.  Minor nobility and landowners though they were, the farm was barely prosperous and this summer's blight ensured that they were even worse off than before. Merry's hands slipped into the pocket of his coat and touched the small packet which contained the letter that he received from home just that morning. The small amount of pocket change his mother had been able to send him throughout his first five years at the College of Magic had been barely enough for him to get by. Merry's final year would be a dire one indeed now that she could not even afford to send that precious small pittance. Surely, there was some way he could make things easier on himself, he was a talented magician after all, even if he had yet to graduate.  What would be the harm in using a little unlicensed magic now and then?  Everyone else did, once in a while, even if it was forbidden, and wasn't the use of comfort charms enchanted by someone else  just as bad as using magic?  Merry certainly thought so. 
	"Hey you!", shouted a particularly tall student in the group before him. "Stop staring at us and make yourself useful. Fetch us all of the books by Aldous Burnside." Now that the tall boy had drawn attention to him all of the students at the table were looking his way.  Merry's eyes narrowed.  Who did these students think they were?  Mere sophomores, by the looks of them, and certainly not the scholarly type.  Merry knew without a doubt his magic was far superior to any one of them, charms or not.  
	"That's not my job", he said and did not avert his eyes.  
	"What are they paying you for then?", asked another one of the group, a ruddy boy with eyes too close together and a slightly upturned nose. Merry recognized him. He was Simon Godard, the grandson of one of the council members that governed the College of Mages.  Merry turned his back, sighed deeply and tried to ignore him as he returned to work on the large stack of books.  Simon was not someone to pick a fight with.  But as he lifted his hand to take a large volume from the pile, the ruddy boy waved his hand and the stack of books Merry was working on flew off  the shelf and landed with a loud bang. 
	 Merry angrily turned to face his antagonizers, "You don't know who you're dealing with", he said, in a low voice, his mind involuntarily forming the beginnings of a malicious spell. Just before the words tumbled out of his mouth that would have likely put the whole group in the infirmary for a week, he regained control and clamped his mouth shut.  Merry knew that he would certainly be expelled if he injured Councilman Godard's grandson, so he turned to the books scattered on the floor, and with a flick of his wrist the stack rearranged itself and floated back to position on the shelf.  Simon laughed and raised his hand as if to strew Merry's work once more but hastily lowered it as he noticed Professor McQuillen looking in his direction.  
	Simon's ruddy face grew even redder, and his mouth froze in horror as Professor McQuillen hurried over to the table.  "What is this!" shouted the Professor.  "Godard!" he shouted, "You know full well that unauthorized magic use is against school policy."  He waved his hands dismissively.  "Out!  All of you!"   The group of sophomores hurriedly gathered up their books and quickly disappeared out the door, almost as if by magic.  
	"And you.." Professor McQuillen began, looking hard at Merry.  "What do you think you were doing? You used magic, too."
	"But-" sputtered Merry, "They-"
	"Yes, I know," said the Professor, not unkindly.  "You used magic to restore the work they ruined.  But still, Meriwether, you should have known better.  It's against the rules and besides, it will make you lazy.  Magicians must use magic wisely, never for petty reasons."
	"What was I supposed to do, let them ruin hours of work? That hardly seems fair!"  Merry's eyebrows rose and disappeared in the forelock of fair hair that hung above them.  
	"You could have asked them to pick up the mess they made.  With their hands, of course"  said Professor McQuillen, his eyes looking large and wise behind his spectacles.
	"Of course sir," Merry admitted, but his hands curled into fists inside the pockets of his coat and his fingernails dug marks into his palms.
	"Now, I can tell you'll be of no more use to me today. You may leave early, but make sure you're ready to work when you come back tomorrow," Professor McQuillen said with mock indignation.  He turned his back to hide his smile as Merry picked up his books and walked out.  
***
	When Merry got back to his small room off the side of the library corridor, he noticed an envelope wedged inside the door frame addressed to: "Meriwether Brightsmith." He ripped into it, too curious to bother with being careful. Inside the envelope were two small squares of paper. One looked like an invitation of some sort, the other, clearly a map.  Merry flung himself onto his bed and began to read:
				
				Dear Mr. Brightsmith,
			 	 I am a small shopkeeper with need of an assistant.  I believe you may find this 	position to be financially rewarding.  Please meet with me at my clothier shop before dawn 	tomorrow and we will discuss my proposition.  For the courtesy of meeting with me, a gold piece 	will be provided.  
																							Sincerely,
										      Mr. William Denton

	Merry tossed the note onto his bed and turned his attention to the map. What could this possibly be about? Merry was skeptical, what would a clothier want with his assistance? He had never heard of a William Denton and didn't know anything about clothing, tailoring or shopkeeping. Could the shopkeeper want his services for some kind of illegal magic? He'd heard of hedge wizards before, low life magicians, unlicensed by the College of Magic, who performed magical services for money. It was definitely a shady sort of business and poor or not, Merry did not want to become involved in something that might get him expelled from school--or worse. His family had invested too much in his schooling. He knew he should be at home, working the farm, helping his mother with the difficult chores. Since his father died he was the oldest son, it was his duty, but his mother had insisted. She wouldn't hear of him staying at home, not when she knew he had so much talent.  Though she, too, had shown promise as a young woman, she had not attended school, and her powers remained undeveloped.  What little magic she had, she was unable to use openly since she was unlicensed.   And so, with his uncle's help, he'd procured a scholarship to the college of magic and here he was, the pinnacle of his family's hopes and dreams. 
	But still, Mr. Denton did promise a gold piece for his trouble and he could definitely use that gold piece. He could hear the man out and if he were asked to do anything illegal, he could always refuse. Besides, it might even turn out to be a legitimate job offer and he'd be foolish not to at least find out. The shop seemed to be a small distance away. Not too far, but he'd have to wake up awfully early to get there before dawn. Was it really worth it for the promise of a gold piece and the vague hope of a job? Merry reached beside him for the discarded note. His fingers found only a pile of dust. He glanced at the map still in his hand, committing it to memory, then let it slide from his fingers. A sprinkling of dust fell upon his chest. It was an enchanted letter, probably purchased by the tailer from a charm shop, made to disappear as soon as it was out of it's recipient's grasp.  Merry decided he would leave early the next morning, whether the stars were out to light his path or not, to seek out this Mr. Denton. He was curious.  
****
	The small clothing shop looked ordinary enough. Merry knocked on the door and waited, listening to the crow of a rooster as dawn began to break in the sky. The shop seemed dark and no one answered. He half-hoped no one would. After knocking several more times and hearing no sounds of stirring inside, he began to grow irritated. He placed a hand on the door latch and to his amazement it opened.  The door swung silently into the shop and Merry was greeted by a rush of warmth and light and the fragrance of new cloth and something else, oil and machinery.   He entered the shop and listened, hearing nothing. At last, he heard the sound of footsteps, seemingly coming from far away, and then closer.  A small grey man appeared.  He was wearing heavy black boots and a big leather apron smeared with grease and oil.  
	 "Hello Meriwether" he said, pleasantly. "I knew you'd come." He clasped Merry's hand with both his own.  Merry noticed that though his hands were clean, his nails appeared to be greasy black around the edges.  He didn't look like a tailor who'd been handling fine clothing.   
  "For your trouble, just as I promised." He released Merry's hand, leaving a gold piece in his palm. "I am Mr. Denton, and what brings you here?" 
	"What brings me here? Why, you did, of course. I got your letter." Merry replied as his eyebrows drew together, nearly meeting in the middle. 
	"Ah yes, but besides that? What brings you here? Why did you come?" Mr. Denton looked at him waiting for an answer.   Merry eyed the gold piece in his hand trying to look nonchalant.
	"I need money," said Merry, "and I was curious. I wanted to know what a tailor could possibly want from me."  He slid the gold piece into his pocket.  
	"You can't find the answer you're looking for because you're asking the wrong question. I am more than a mere tailor. If you'll come with me I'll explain." Mr. Denton moved slowly towards the back of his shop, brushing past bolts of expensive looking material, seemingly unconcerned with his grimy apron, and pushed aside a curtain guarding a small room. He motioned for Merry to go in first.
	The room was barely big enough to hold the upright glass display case and the two men now standing there. On the first shelf of the display was an impressive row of cufflinks, studded with jewels of all sorts. The second shelf held row after row of gold and silver watches with chains thick and thin. Merry stared intently at the display of pocket watches as Mr. Denton pulled the doors of the case open. Merry had seen a pocket watch before, but never so many in one place and never so finely crafted. Merry wondered where Mr. Denton had acquired such a large collection of these expensive inventions and if the College of Magic knew about them. The magician's council discouraged the use of mechanical devices in the realm since they were said to be dangerous. Merry suspected, though, that the real reason was because magicians were paid well to create charms and magical spells and mass produced inventions that could do almost the same were beginning to impact their livelihoods.   
	Mr. Denton waved his hand toward the display of watches, "Go ahead, pick one out."
	"Pick one out?" Merry's eyebrows wrinkled.  
	"You don't have one already do you?" His faded blue eyes looked amused. 
	"Uh, no, but I...I'm afraid I haven't the means-" Merry stammered. 
	"Take one, as a gift."  The older man nodded, his unruly tufts of grey hair bobbing. 	Merry blinked. A smile spread over his face and he turned toward the timepieces.  The smile turned to a frown as he thought over what the man had said. "Why?" he asked.  
	"My gift, as I said before. Go ahead, you want one don't you?" Mr. Denton smiled, exposing teeth yellowed with age. Though he felt uneasy, feeling that this was too good to be true probably,  Merry moved to examine the display more closely and his hands reached into the cabinet.  A plain golden watch with a slender gold chain caught his eye. He lifted it out of the case and noticed the back was clear glass, exposing an assortment of gears and springs. Merry was fascinated. The watch seemed alive, somehow, running on its own without the aid of magic, the mechanisms vibrating with barely perceptible movement. 	
	"This is your choice, then?" The shopkeeper took the watch from Merry's hand, not waiting for an answer. "A fine choice, indeed." he said, sounding pleased. The watch spun slowly on it's chain, its polished surface gleaming  as Mr. Denton dangled it in his outstretched hand. He grabbed the watch with his other hand and dropped it in Merry's pocket. "So you like my timepieces, eh?" his faded blue eyes twinkled. "Watches are just one of the many special things I sell." he said. "Would you like to see some of the uh, the more exotic items?" Merry nodded wondering what other fascinating devices the shopkeeper might have in his shop. Mr. Denton led him toward the back of the shop until he reached a small door with a desk in front of it. The older man pushed the desk out of the way and opened the door. Merry could see a narrow twisting staircase leading into a dark cellar. The older man took a candle from the desk, nodded to it, and immediately, a bright yellow flame sprang to life. Motioning for Merry to follow, the shopkeeper started down the stairs. Merry felt a cold prickle of sweat forming on the back of his neck though the air underground was cool. Still, he continued, wondering what kind of goods the man had hidden away in his cellar and what kind of assistance he wanted from him.   
	Mr. Denton led Merry down the stairs, into the darkness, stopping at a flat stone in the middle of the cellar floor. He knelt down and lifted the stone, tossing it aside onto the dusty floor with a soft echoing thump. The older man then stood, and with the toe of his boot,  scraped at the soft earth underneath where the stone had been. A vortex of dust began to form rising higher and higher until Merry coughed slightly.  Then the dust gathered itself into a neat heap just in front of Merry's toes, revealing a rectangular wooden door in the earthen floor. Mr. Denton stooped and lifted the door which opened stiffly with a creaking sound as though it hadn't been opened in a very long time. The cellar filled with stale but warm air and a curious pale light glowed from the opening and limned the man's riotous grey head with silver.
	  "Just on thing." he said. His eyes glinted steel blue in the dim light as he looked up at Merry. "You must promise that you will never reveal what you are about to see."  Merry's heart skipped a beat as he contemplated the wisdom of entering the secret chamber of a seemingly mad and probably unlicensed magician. Sensing the boy's hesitation, the shopkeeper turned to Merry and smiled. "All is well,"he said, patting Merry's shoulder. Merry drew in his breath sharply, with an audible gasp and gaped at the old man. How could he know? How could this strange little tailor know how his father had said those very same words? Merry could hear that familiar voice in his mind, even though it had been years since he'd last heard his father say, "All is well." and pat him reassuringly on the back. As a child, that gesture had so comforted Merry whenever he'd been afraid.   He could still feel the weight of Mr. Denton's hand on his shoulder and it filled him with an odd mix of grief and warmth. Who was this man? Merry searched his face, hoping to find answers, but it lay in the shadows now. "All is well," the shopkeeper said again, gently. 
Merry nodded, wordless, and followed him down into the dimly lit darkness.  
	Mr. Denton led him through a series of tunnels in what appeared to be an abandoned section of catacombs. At last, he stopped in front of a pale, glowing crystal hanging from the chiseled ceiling. He tapped the crystal with his gnarled finger and it flickered and dimmed.
	"Can you recharge this crystal, Merry?" he asked.  
	"Of course." Merry said.  He hesitated only for an instant before he grasped the dying crystal, wrapping it  with his palm.  Though he was still unlicensed, this would be an easy task for him, and he was eager to show Mr. Denton what he could do.   The crystal began to glow brighter and brighter as living energy flowed from his hand into the mineral. Merry removed his hand and then smiled, his teeth gleaming as the brilliant crystal lit up the catacombs as bright as daylight.  
	"How do you feel?" asked Mr. Denton peering closely into Merry's eyes.  	"Oh, I'm fine, now, really. " said Merry, and he was. The momentary feeling of dizziness had now given way to euphoria and Merry felt strong and sure footed.  
	"You must be very powerful. Very powerful, indeed." said Mr. Denton, impressed.  "Enchantments are normally very demanding for a magician but you seem to have recovered with remarkable speed." Merry grinned, pleased with the older man's praise.    
	As his eyes adjusted to the light, Merry noticed the tunnel was filled with objects.  Shiny metallic tools and oily gears and machinery hung upon every wall of the earthen corridors. Crates and boxes lay piled up to the ceiling along the sides leaving only a narrow pathway in which to walk. "What is this?" Merry asked, his mouth agape.  He had never seen so much steel before.
	"This," said Mr. Denton waving his hand, "Is the future."  
(picks up some kind of machinery, etc. and demonstrates it and they discuss it. Tells Merry to think it over and make his decision and let him know tomorrow. Merry worries about being expelled, Mr. Denton reassures him that no one will find out.   Merry questions his use of magic and asks if he is licensed or how he knows how to do magic. 
Q2
 	
	Merry whistled cheerfully to himself as he started down the path from Mr. Denton's shop.  The gold piece felt cool and heavy in his hand; it had been a long time since he'd been in possession of so much money and he was beside himself with excitement as the possibilities flashed in his mind.  He briefly considered hiring one of the horse drawn cabs parked on the street to take him back to the college, but decided he didn't dare risk making the other students aware of his sudden windfall.  It was better to walk home as usual.   
	He passed by a gun shop and lingered by the door, trying to peer inside.  He was giddy at the thought of firing one of the devices; he might even have enough money to buy a small pistol.  But, Merry reminded himself, the Chancellor of Magic had forbidden magicians from owning guns, and Merry doubted that the gunsmith would even want a student of the College of Magic in his shop. He wondered if maybe Mr. Denton would let him fire one of his guns someday, that is if Merry decided to accept his offer.   
	At the other end of the square, tucked away in the shade of a tall black walnut tree was a small brick store front that housed a charm shop. Merry hurried towards the open door, his lips curving into a smile as he imagined the glittering display of enchanted talismans.  He could buy an atmosphere charm so he could enjoy the comfort of a cool breeze in the summer, or the warm radiance of a fire in the winter.  He could buy a charm to lighten the heavy load of his books. He could even buy a charm to keep his boots dry.  Just as Merry was about to succumb to the pull of the enchanted shop, he stumbled on a walnut husk and nearly lost his balance.   He righted himself before he fell, his boot smashing the walnut casing and filling the air with a pungent green tang.  The jolt scattered his daydreams and he thought better of spending his money so quickly. He would need it soon for necessities.  He dropped the coin back into his pocket where it landed with a soft clink against his new watch.   Merry tugged on the thin gold chain and the watch emerged and glinted in the sunlight.  Such a beautiful device.  His fingers traced the gears in the transparent case.  As he stared at the hands slowly marking the path of time, he realized he was about to be late to class.  He'd been so giddy with the excitement of the morning, he forgot he had to hurry on to school.   In fact, he'd all but forgotten school.  He jammed the watch back into his pocket and picked up his pace. 
	Merry arrived breathlessly to class and plopped himself down in his seat.  The  euphoria he'd felt earlier began to dissolve into confusion as he contemplated the choice he had to make.   Deciding to concentrate on his studies and worry about decision making later, he buried his face in his book and sighed, his fingers deep in his pocket, twined around the thin gold chain of his watch.   Maybe what he needed was a nice meal, a full, satisfied stomach might help him focus.  

	Later that evening, Merry sat at a worn wooden table in a small tavern near the college. Hunched over a plate of roasted grouse, he chewed at a leg bone, biting through to the tasty marrow.  Dinner at the school usually consisted of stale bread, boiled meat and maybe some soup or cheese.  If he took the position as Denton's assistant,  delicious meals like this one could become commonplace.    Clearly, the job Mr. Denton had in mind for him was not exactly legal, but there didn't seem to be anything harmful or immoral about it. Merry knew that there were plenty of magicians who did things that were not exactly approved by the council of magic.   He thought about the fascinating machines the tailor had hidden in his underground workshop.  Machines that could do the work of ten men, that could perform tasks that seemed miraculous, all without the use of magic.  If he took this job with Denton, he would learn their secrets.  Merry badly wanted to delve into their mysterious inner workings,  to pull their mechanisms apart and put them back together again.  There was a small chance of course, of Merry being discovered and expelled from the college of magic, but according to Mr. Denton that chance was very small.  The shopkeeper went to great lengths to keep his activities secret.   If Merry didn't come up with a way to earn some money, he might not be able to finish college anyway and might never graduate.  Clearly, accepting this job was his best chance at becoming a licensed magician.   Besides all that, he liked Mr. Denton and he wanted to be a part of his exciting plans. 
 	He took a sip of ale, wiped his lips on his sleeve and leaned back in the heavy wooden chair, his eyes surveying the dimly lit room.  There were quite a few other people in the tavern but none of them appeared to be students from the school.  Merry thought that odd since the Dirk and Thistle was one of the most popular gathering places for young magicians from the college.   He noticed a group of nicely dressed men sitting at the table next to him laughing and talking animatedly over their dinner.  One of them held a piece of bread in his hand and waved it through the air, gesturing toward the lamp on the wall behind him.  Merry saw then that there was something strange about the sconce, something very different about the light.  It appeared not to be lit by a magician's glowing bluish crystal but by a warm, golden ball of fire that gave off a slight fizzing noise inside it's glass globe.  "Gas lights like these will soon be all over the city."  said the man, punctuating each word with a thrust of his bread. 
	"The Magicians won't like that!  There'll be no need for their crystal lamps since gas is cheaper than magic! "  said the man across from him.  The men laughed together, smacking their hands on the table. 	Merry sat up suddenly, straight in his chair.  That explained why there were no students in the tavern tonight.  No doubt they'd stopped frequenting the Dirk and Thistle in protest over the establishment's use of technology instead of magic.  If he'd been more friendly with Simon Godard's crowd, he would have known this already.   He stared at the gas light, listening to it hiss and wondered briefly if it might really be dangerous.
 	The tavern girl paused in front of him.  "Are you finished, sir?"  she asked as she grabbed his plate.  Even though her hands were red and roughened, he could see that she was young, probably around his age.   Her face was almost pretty, illuminated by the warm glow of the gas lamp.   Merry nodded and she smiled at him "I see you liked the meal, "she said pointing at the small pile of bones left on his otherwise empty plate.  Merry smiled back and then blushed pink when she winked at him.   He didn't get much chance to interact with women his age.   He nervously pushed at his forelock of dark blonde hair that shone golden in the light and was glad when the serving girl finally hurried off to the kitchen.   
	Merry attended to his bill and left the tavern and made his way home.  The library was dark and quiet and the air was still warm and stifling, filled with the smell of old leather.   His stomach pleasantly full, his pocket heavy and jingling, and his mind at ease, he crept down the corridor and entered his little room, shutting the door softly behind him.   He tugged carefully on the chain of his new watch and gently removed it from his pocket and held it up to his ear, listening to the soft ticking sounds.   He would meet with the shopkeeper tomorrow morning and tell him that he would be willing to accept his offer but only if  Mr. Denton agreed to show him how all those gadgets and machines in the secret tunnel worked.  
	Merry barely slept.  The ticking of his new pocket watch seemed so much louder in the night and he dreamed of gears and gas lights.  He finally rose from his bed,  splashed his face once with water from a basin on the table and jerked on his clothes.  Stuffing his feet into his boots, he shuffled out the door, ankles wobbling until his heels slid into place.  He hurried down the library corridor and out into the darkness of the city.  It was empty and quiet except for a few work horses clomping through the streets pulling their heavy wagons behind them.  Merry glanced at the eery glowing street lamps with their dim bluish crystals and wondered how long it would be before they were replaced with the new gas lights like those in the Dirk and Thistle and if Mr. Denton knew about it.  He might even be helping to make the new lamps.  He smiled as he considered the thought that this might even be his first job as Denton's new assistant.  His smile twisted into a frown as he imagined himself perched atop the lamp post attaching the gas fittings in full view of anyone who happened to walk by, including his professors.  He shook his head;  Mr. Denton was much too careful about secrecy to expect him to defy the college of magic so openly.   Merry thrust his hands in his pockets, his thumb caressing the smooth glass case of his pocket watch.	

S3

	As the clothing shop came into sight, Merry picked up his pace, eager to arrive at his destination.  He bounded up the steps and reached out his hand to knock on the door but stopped suddenly, drawing in a quick breath.  The door was open slightly,  the latch broken.  Merry hesitated for an instant, wondering what he should do and then slowly pushed the door open.  The shop was dark and silent. "Mr. Denton?"  he called out but there was no answer.  His heart began to hammer away in his chest as he stepped cautiously across the door frame.  He headed to the back of the shop, to the little room where the cufflinks and pocket watches were kept and hastily jerked aside the curtain.  The glass case was lying sideways, the glass shattered and the watches smashed.  The floor was covered with shards of glass and the jeweled cufflinks were scattered across the floor.  
	He rushed to the cellar door, finding the desk that Denton had kept in front of it was turned over, it's drawers hanging open and spilled out. Grabbing a candle, he flicked his fingers and immediately, a flame sparked from the wick and he hastened down the cellar steps.  His heart seemed to skip a beat when he noticed the trap door,  that had been so carefully hidden by Mr. Denton was now propped open like a great gaping black maw.  The secret tunnels were black as night and as soon as he made his way into the catacombs he found the reason.  Stooping in the dust, he picked up the crystal orb that had been the light source.  It had fallen from the ceiling and lay carelessly on the ground, shattered.  A tiny blue spark glowed from within and he wrapped his hand around it willing it to light.  The tiny spark flickered and glowed bravely lighting the catacomb for a brief moment before sputtering and dimming.  Merry saw the boxes that had been piled carefully against the sides of the tunnels were broken and emptied out.  At his feet he saw a glint of glowing metal and reached to pick it up.  A gun.  As he held the pistol in his hand he noticed an inscription in the side of the glowing barrel.  He willed his candle to burn brighter and the flame grew and roared.  He held his arm out away from him so as not to singe his eyebrows as he struggled to read the writing on the gun.   "Runes,"  he said aloud and knew that this must be an enchanted gun.  
	"Merry."  said a voice quietly.  He almost dropped the gun, but held onto it firmly as he lifted it and pointed it at the figure he saw standing in front of him.  
	"Who the hell are you?" he said, his voice sounding choked and high pitched to his ears.  The figure laughed, a light tinkling sound.  He waved the gun menacingly at the silhouette and said in what he hoped was a firm voice, "I'll shoot!"  
	The figure stepped from the shadows into the light of his candle and Merry was surprised to see that it was a woman, a very small woman who even in her hat stood only as tall as his shoulder.  "No you won't," she said, "It's not even cocked, " and snatched the gun from his hand.  She stuffed it into the ruffles on top of her cleavage and smiled up at him.  The candle continued to flame outrageously, the hot wax running down Merry's hand and causing him to make a sound that resembled a stuck pig.  She reached out her hand again and snatched away the candle.   Immediately the flame died down to normal size as she took it out of his hand.  "I'm a friend of Mr. Denton's" she began, the candle illuminating her tiny face.   "I'll explain everything, but right now, we have to leave."  She grabbed his elbow and he found himself being pushed along in front of her. 
	 Merry dug his heels into the ground.  "No, I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what you've done with Mr. Denton."  Just then, he heard the sound of footsteps above him.  
	"We have to leave NOW," she cried, "The people who took Mr. Denton are in the cellar and if they come down here and find us they'll kill me and take you. "  A sprinkle of dust fell from the earth ceiling as someone began pounding above them.  The girl motioned upwards.   "I jammed the trap door so maybe that will hold them back for a while, but we've got to get out of here. "  She pointed into the blackness in front of them.  "That way.  There's a back exit further down the catacombs."  The pounding intensified and more dirt fell down on Merry's shoulders.   "I'm Lucy, by the way," she said as she held the candle out in front of her and started fearlessly into the darkness.  Merry followed, thinking he had little choice since he couldn't go back the way he came.  The passageway became narrower and narrower until Merry thought they wouldn't be able to fit, but still Lucy kept going, her skirt flapping around her legs, her feet sure.  She turned into a different tunnel, and then turned yet again, Merry obediently tagging along behind her.  
	At last, they came to the end of the passage and found themselves facing a brick wall.  Lucy reached out her hands and gave the wall a shove.  Merry watched, fascinated, as part of the wall rotated and he saw that it was actually a hidden door with a hinge going through the middle.   Warm, fetid air rushed in as the door opened and Merry retched, his stomach heaving.    Lucy stepped through the door and turned impatiently to Merry who was doubled over, his arms around his stomach.  "Come on!" she cried yanking him by the sleeve.
	"You want me to go in THERE?" he said, coughing. "It smells like a sewer!"
	"That's because it is!" she answered as she glared at him.
	"So that's what you meant by a back exit." He took careful breaths with his hand over his mouth, squeezed his way through the opening and stepped into a stream of raw sewage. 
	"Here, over here!" motioned Lucy who was perched on a narrow walkway to the side of the arched tunnel.   Her face glowered at him disapprovingly in the candlelight.  "Hurry for goodness sake!"  By the time Merry pulled his boots from the muck, she had disappeared in front of him, leaving him in darkness.  He chased after her along the tiny brick ledge above the river of sewage, his boots making squishing sounds as he ran.  Finally he saw her just ahead of him, her skirts hitched up, scampering up a ladder on the side of the brick tunnel.  He bounded up the rungs behind her and came out in an alleyway.   She was waiting for him, plastered up against the brick wall at the back of the charm shop lit by the pale pink light of the sunrise.  He noticed that the bottom of her skirt wasn't even wet.  
	"They've probably figured out we aren't in Denton's shop and they'll come looking for us, " she said, blowing out the candle, as he flattened himself next to her.   Lucy looked up and down the alleyway and then pointed to a small alcove in front of them.  "There," she said, "Hide."  She bent down and began picking up fallen walnuts from the tree beside the charm shop.   Folding up the front of her skirt to form a deep pocket , she filled it with the round husked walnuts and then skittered into the alcove alongside Merry.  He started to say something but she shook her head.  "Shhh," she whispered, "Someone's coming."  Merry looked up to see a man with a lantern stopped at the top of the street.  He called to his partner and both of them started down the alleyway.  Merry's heart thumped so hard in his chest he thought surely the men would be able to hear it.  Just before they passed beside the little alcove, Lucy shoved Merry out into the alley and shouted, "Run!"  Merry ran and so did the men behind him.  Lucy ran too, releasing her skirt full of walnuts.  Merry heard a terrible commotion as the men's bodies plopped one by one with a sickening thud onto the cobblestones.  He turned around  to see Lucy standing over one of the fallen men, who was twitching violently, a flower of plumage seeming to sprout from his Adam's apple. Merry watched, horrified, as she pulled a knife from her sleeve and fell upon the second man, who grunted loudly as her knee pinned him to the ground.  As he desperately tried to get to his feet, she drug the knife across his throat, ripping it open.  She sprung back to her feet before the blood began to spurt.  Leaning over the first man, she extracted the feathers from his throat and shook a droplet of blood from the tip of the dart.   Merry watched her, speechless.  "These things are expensive you know, " she said with a shrug as she wrapped it in her handkerchief.  Then, gathering up her weapons and stashing them somewhere under her skirts, she turned toward the street and did not look back. 
	"This way, " she called to Merry as she tugged on a pair of gloves and straightened her hat.  She slipped out of the alley around the corner to a main street bustling with people starting their daily activities.  She led him toward a carriage parked to the side.  "Get in, but first, open the door for me."    Merry gave her an incredulous stare.  A woman who had just killed two men did not need to have the door opened for her.  
	 "You have to do it so that we look like any other couple on the street!" she told him, exasperated.   Merry opened the door and helped her inside the carriage, hesitating just for a moment as he took the small and delicate but murderous hand in his.  He wanted to leave her there and take off running, back to the school, back to the life that was safe.  As if knowing exactly what he was thinking, she looked at him and said, "It's not over, you know, there are still people looking for you.  You can't just go back to the school."  Merry swallowed hard and climbed in the carriage.  "Hurry," Lucy said to the driver.  
	"Tell me about Denton, " said Merry as the horses lunged forward.  

Q3