OVERVIEW OF THE WORLD
	
	Magic is very old; it has been around for centuries. The King and nobles depend on controlling magic to maintain power. Magic is very powerful, but it requires talent and years of study in schools controlled by the College of Magic. Magic is thus restricted to a small percentage of the population. 
	The invention of the steam engine several decades before the time of the story has threatened to bring about changes in the world order. Ordinary people can now use technology that rivals many of the feats of magic. Magic is more reliable and in many cases more powerful, but given the egalitarian nature of technology it seems inevitable that over time it will all but replace magic.
	The College of Magic is aware of this threat and has been trying to no great effect to prevent the spread of technology. The College has forbidden any of its members from working on any technology. Because of this ban any manufacturers who wish to produce enchanted technology must use illegal unlicensed "hedge wizards." Therefor any enchanted Technology is technically illegal. There exists a huge black market in the sale of said technology; guns with no recoil, lenses that can see in the dark, bullets that cause terrible infections etc...
	The King has a network of spies and assassins who are powerful mages with the ability to change other peoples perception; the King's agents can change their appearance at will. The agent's main weakness is that when they are in disguise they cannot use any other form of magic. Some of the agents, while distrustful of technology, are beginning to see its potential usefulness. The story begins when a female agent recruits an Army Captain named Meriwether. 
	Meriwether attended the most prestigious school of magic but was kicked out during his final year because he was dabbling with technology. Captain Meriwether is responsible for maintaining the equipment for a division of the Royal Army.
	The agent requires Meriwether's assistance to uncover a plot by a rogue group of mages form the College of Magic to set off the equivalent of a "magical EMP" that will prevent all technology from functioning. The mages don't know it but they have been tricked into carrying out this plot by an agent of some ancient dark power that is trying to weaken the Kingdom so it can invade.