PLOT OVERVIEW

	Merry's father was a prestigious Mage who was kind of eccentric and loved technological curiosities. He wrote a paper theorizing a possible technological device that would increase the power of magic. Everyone viewed technology with disdain, something used only by the lower class that didn't have any magical ability. The other Mages thought Merry's father was a crackpot becuase of his theories and he was kicked out of the College of Magic.
	Merry's father became a farmer and married a commoner who gave birth to Merry. Several years after his expulsion by the College Merry was approached by Mr. Denton (who was using another alias at the time). Denton revealed that he had read the treatise on using technology with magic and he thought that they could make a device that would amplify magic.
	They started working on the device. Somehow they were discovered and the college of magic killed Merry's father in the resulting conflict. Denton was able to escape with the device. Mr. Denton assumed his new identity and hid the device away awaiting a wizard powerful enough to use the device to defeat the College of Magic. 
	Merry is turns out to be powerful magician like his father and when he is old enough Mr. Denton approaches him and introduces him to technology with the intent on training him to overthrow the college of Mages.
	However it turns out that the College knows who Denton is and has been watching him. They want to use the device to amplify a spell designed to destroy all technology so they can conquer the other industrialized nations. However, they don't know where the device was hidden so they Kill Denton and send out false information to a magical spy/assassin they know is working with Denton that they plan on casting a spell to halt technology and conquer the world. They spy knows about the device but not its location so she tells merry that they need to go look for it and defeat the Council of Mages. 
	Through the book they are looking for the device and at the end they find the last clue, but the brilliant detective finds it first and Merry learns that they couldn't have performed the magical EMP if he hadn't found the device, so now he has to figure out a way to stop them b/c the girl gets injured. 