SHORT STORY

Background for the story
	Meriwether attends the most prestigious school of magic in the kingdom, located in the capital city. The capital city is where the College of Magic has the most influence so it is not as industrialized as other cities in the kingdom. The mages haven't approved the building of any factories or public rail stations (there is a military railroad on the outskirts of town). Because of the relative lack of technology the populace of the capital city lacks access to the goods and services denizens of other cities enjoy and are resentful of the College of Magic.
	Meriwether is one of the poorer students attending the school and has a scholarship because he is exceptionally talented. Wealthy citizens of the kingdom are quick to send their talented children to schools of magic because having a magician in the family can be very profitable. Meriwether doesn't have money to burn like most of the other students and is growing resentful. Meriwether is in his final year at school (magic school starts around age 14 and goes on for 6-8 years. Merry started at 14 he is now 19).

	The story begins with Merry working in the library. Most of the other students get monthly allowances from home, but Merry has to work to earn enough money to pay for food, clothes etc.. 
	A group of students comes into the library to study. Noticing Merry they call him over and start making obnoxious requests. Merry tells them to off and one of the students magically knocks over some books Merry is sorting. Merry uses his own magic to put them back into place.
	Noticing the commotion the librarian makes his way over. He scolds the students for potential damaging the books and for using magic for petty purposes and runs them out. After they leave he also scolds Merry for using magic to clean up the books. He tells Merry that just because the other students abused their power it doesn't give Merry the right to use magic for such menial tasks b/c it will make him lazy. (the librarian can be harsh but he acts very fatherly).
	The librarian tells Merry that he can leave since his shift is almost over so Merry leaves. Instead of going straight back to his sleeping quarters Merry decides to take a walk to a seedy part of town to have a cheap drink at one of the less respectable taverns. On his way Merry sees the group of students from the library enjoying themselves at an expensive tavern.
	Merry gets to the tavern and has a few drinks and starts talking to the bartender about his troubles. A stranger approaches him and asks suggests that he may have a solution for Merry, a way for someone with magical aptitude to make some extra money. Merry dismisses him, but the man hands him a gold piece and a calling card and says there's another gold piece for him if he'll just show up at his business tomorrow before classes start. Merry convinces himself that it he really needs the money and it can't hurt to just show up. 
	Early the next morning Merry makes his way to the address on the card. It is a small clothing shop. The store appears closed, but he tries the door and it opens. He opens the door and calls out, no one answers so he makes his way to the back of the shop where some pocket watches are discretely displayed next to cufflinks and other similar items (watches aren't illegal, but a merchant in the capital city wouldn't want to openly taunt the College of Magic by being too obvious).
	While Merry is looking at the watches the man from tavern appears (he is in his fifties with graying hair and is very charming and well spoken, but not a silver tongued con man type). He asks Merry if he owns a watch. Merry says no and the man says Merry can take his pick. Merry thinks this is too good to be true, but after the man insists he chooses a gold colored watch with a glass back that exposes the inner gears.
	The man compliments Merry on his choice then explains that the watches are just one of the many special items he sells. The watches are kind of a test to gauge if customers might be interested in more exotic items. Merry seems interested so the man beckons Merry to follow him into the back of the shop. In the back of the shop there is a desk and a stair case leading into the basement. In the basement the man lights a candle and opens a trap door in the floor. He says this leads a section of abandoned catacombs and makes Merry swear that he won't reveal what he sees. Merry begins to get nervous, but his curiosity wins out and he acquiesces. 
	The man goes down the stairs and walks too a large crystal hanging form the celling. He taps the crystal and it begins to glow faintly blue and flicker. The man asks if Merry knows how to recharge the crystal. Of course he does any first year magic student knows how. Merry takes the crystal in one hand mutters something and it begins to glow brighter. Merry feels slightly light headed, but the feeling is gone almost instantly. The man offers Merry a chair but he declines. The man comments that he must be very gifted to recover so quickly as enchantments are usually very demanding.
	As Merry's eyes adjust to the light, he looks around and notices all of the machinery and tools hanging from walls and crates stacked on the floors (need to come up with some examples of stuff hanging form walls). He stares in amazement and asks what all of this stuff is.
	The man tells Merry that this is his workshop. That he enchants equipment and sells it. He shows Merry some examples (need to come up with them). Merry asks the man where he learned magic he says he learned what he could from books and then hired a hedge wizard to tutor him. The man explains that there is too much enchanting items to sell and he needs an assistant. He tells Merry that he will pay him handsomely enough to fit in with the rich kids at school. Merry says he will definitely be expelled if anyone finds him enchanting technology. The man assures Merry that no one will know. Merry asks for time to consider it. The says ok hands Merry a gold piece and tells him he can keep the gold and the watch whatever he decides, but he has to make up his mind by the end of the day.
	Merry leaves and heads to class. All day long he sneaks glances at the watch in his pocket. He is fascinated by the gears and springs and how it works with no magic at all. Finally after classes are over Merry heads back to the clothes shop. He informs the man that he has decided to take the job provided the man also shows him how all of his items work. The man agrees and they shake hands.