	"Get a beam over here now!" shouted Mr. Donald. "We're gonna be buried down here if we can't shore up this tunnel." Two men rushed over carrying a large wooden beam between them. They struggled to get the rough wood upright and wedged into place to support the roof.
	"Step back," Mr. Donald growled as he lifted a heavy wooden mallet like a toy. The big man reared back and with one swing knocked the support beam into place. The ceiling stopped shaking. "That's better," he said. "Now get that damn pony under control before she kicks over any more of the supports." The man responsible for the animal looked horrified, but managed to settle her as they walked back towards the surface.
	Henry Donald was a tall man, a few inches over six feet, well muscled with just a bit around his middle beginning to sag with age. His nose was slightly off where it had been broken in his youth, and his short brown hair was starting to show streaks of gray. He had the scars to prove he'd been digging sewer tunnels most of his life, so the other men respected him and would've listened to him even if the Capital City Gas Light Company hadn't put him in charge.
	"Hey boss. Over here!" Luke, his number two, motioned him over. He was about a half a foot shorter than his boss, and skinny. "From the sudden air movement after all that commotion, I'd say we just broke through to the catacombs."
	"Better send up for the steam hammer then, Luke. I'm not sure if the old passage on the other side is stable enough to blast our way in. Don't want to risk a collapse that could end the whole deal."
	"Right away boss...And boss?"
	"Yeah Luke?"
	"I know it's a big day for you. If you want to head out early, I'll stay down here till we finish opening up the catacombs."
	Henry thought about it for a second. "That's nice of you, Luke. I think I will leave a little early. Lucy's gonna be real happy. I'll tell her you said hello."

	As Henry moved up the sloped entrance to the sewer tunnel, he was struck by how much colder it was up here on the surface with the wind blowing. The sun was beginning to set and the shadow he cast walking up the ramp was twice as tall as he was. He walked over to the temporary wooden shack they'd built only last month, opened the flimsy door and went in.
	Inside, the shack was divided into sections by thin wooden partitions. He peeled off his stinking work coveralls, encased in grime from the sewers, and moved behind one of the partitions. Henry pulled on a chain hanging from the celling and water fell from a tank on the roof. After a few seconds under the cold water, he dried off and pulled on his street clothes.
	The stench of the sewers never fully washed off, but Henry hoped he was reasonably clean and free from the smell of the city's waste as he left the work site and began the half mile walk home. Passing through the dimly lit side streets he imagined how the city would change when his project was complete. Hopefully the warm glow of gas lamps would make the rougher areas, like the one he lived in, much safer at night. Perhaps it would even attract new businesses. The important sections of town--the business district, the city center, and some of the wealthier residential neighborhoods--were already lit by the bright blue glowstones, crafted by the College of Magic. But glowstones were far too expensive to cover the entire city. Gas lightning was much cheaper, and though it angered the cities magicians to no end, the city council had finally commissioned Capital City Gas Light Company to lay gas lines through the sewers. 
	Henry walked up to the front door of his home, a small two bedroom brick building connected to of a long line of identical row houses. Looking at his neighbor's broken window, he thought about how happy Lucy would be when he could finally afford move into a nicer middle class neighborhood. When the company hired him, to build the tunnel connecting the gas pumping station to the main sewer line, he received a small share of stock as part of his payment. Once the project was complete he'd have enough money to retire and live in modest comfort, no more back breaking labor and long hours. With an early retirement so close he should have been in good spirits, but this day was always bittersweet.
	Before he could reach the knob, Lucy swung the door open. "Daddy!" she squealed as she threw her arms around him. "You're home early." Henry lifted his daughter into the air without a hint of effort and planted a kiss on her cheek.
	"I could smell your cooking all the way down in the tunnels, and I told the boys we had to stop work right then, so I could get home before every hungry tramp in the city came knocking at the door." 
	"Daddy stop!" Lucy complained. "The Queen of the Fae herself couldn't make you shut down that site."
	"You got me there darling. Luke volunteered to stay late, so I could surprise you."
	"That was nice of him," she said as she took her fathers coat and hat. "Have a seat Daddy. I'll bring out some soup while we wait for the roast."
	Henry stared at the small table in the middle of the dining room. The setting looked inviting, the silverware and glass reflecting the dancing firelight, but the warm glow wasn't enough to stave off the sadness he felt at the sight of all the empty chairs. He wished there were six or seven places set around the table, instead of only two. 
	 As Lucy walked in carrying a steaming pot of soup, his stomach growled, snapping him out of his thoughts. Henry looked up and couldn't help but smile at how much Lucy looked like her mother. He lost his wife 14 years before, to the day, but it was also the anniversary of his daughter's birth, and Henry couldn't think of a better person to help him forget his troubles.
	"Here's your soup," she said. Henry tasted a spoonful.
	"Can you pass the salt?" he asked
	"I don't understand how you can eat so much salt."
	"Your mother used to say the same thing," he said, Lucy frowned, she must have noticed the hint of sadness in his voice.
	"Daddy, after dinner, how about I play piano, and we can sing for a bit?" 
	"I'd like that very much, darling." Henry smiled. Lucy always knew how to cheer him up. 
	
	They talked and sang late into the night, and Henry went to bed feeling better than he had in a while. Soon he was snoring away oblivious to the world, until a loud knocking ripped him from his slumber. "What is it this time?" he grumbled, as he got up and headed to the door. Luke was standing there when he opened it.
	"What's wrong Luke? You look worried."
	"Boss, we lost Michael Collins in the catacombs."
	"What do you mean lost?" Henry asked.
	"Well, I kept a few of the boys late, so we could get the catacombs opened up before morning. We managed to dig a small hole, but after a bit, the steam hammer just seized up, and the engineer couldn't get it working again." Luke paused, looking nervous.
	"Spit it out," Henry said.
	"Mike was the smallest guy there, and he thought he could squeeze through to see if it was stable enough for blasting. He made it in, but he said he heard something and wanted to go deeper to check it out." 
	"Why the hell did you let him do that?" Henry yelled.
	"I couldn't stop him. He just had to find out what he heard," Luke said. "After a while, he stopped answering when we called, and I couldn't find someone small enough to go in after him. We tried to dig out the entrance, but the rock is too hard without the steam hammer--I hope he didn't fall down a hole, or something."
	"Let's hope he just wandered out of earshot, and got lost," Henry reassured him. "How soon till they get the steam hammer working again?" 
	"Engineer says it's going to take at least a week to fix, and we can't get another one out any faster," Luke said.
	"Dammit! I knew cutting through the catacombs was gonna cause problems," Henry said. "The company thought it would save time, but I knew something would go wrong. Always does." He looked Luke straight in the eye. "Cutting corners always--and I mean always, bites you in the ass."
	"What are we gonna do boss?" Luke asked. "I'm all out of ideas."
	Henry thought for a moment, trying his best to project confidence while standing in his pajamas. "We're going to blast our way in."
	"I thought you didn't want to risk blasting?" Luke asked.
	"Given the choices, it's the best option, " Henry said. "We can wait a week for the steam hammer, or keep digging by hand, but either way, Mike would probably be dead before we found him. Every minute he's lost down there, he'll probably wander farther and farther into the catacombs." 
	Henry opened the door to show Luke out. "There's no time to waste. You run down to the tunnel and start getting the explosives ready. I'll meet you there as soon as I get dressed." 
	"OK boss. I'll get on it," Luke said, looking a little less worried as he ran off to carry out his orders. Years in the sewers, and a stint in the army, had taught Henry that confidence inspires confidence. He didn't like the idea of potentially brining down the whole tunnel, but since he was sure this was the best choice, he wasn't going to show any hesitation. He got dressed as fast as he could and left a note to apologize for leaving before breakfast.
	
	When he got to the site, the demolition team was already loading the explosives onto the pony cart, but it took them several more hours to get all the charges in place. Once the explosives were ready, Henry rounded everyone up and readied the detonator. 
	Luke spoke up. "Boss, a few of the men said they heard someone screaming from inside the catacombs when they were coming up. At first I thought it might be Mike, but they said it sounded like a woman."
	"You know how easy miners startle. It was probably just the wind," Henry said. 
	"Maybe you're right," Luke agreed. "Still kinda spooky though."
	"Only one way to find out for sure." Henry gave a forced laugh and grabbed the detonator. "Everyone clear we're gonna blow this in 30 seconds." He counted down, slammed the plunger, then covered his ears. A split second later, the explosion roared out of the tunnel, bringing a huge cloud of dust with it.
	Henry and his men waited while the dirt fell like rain, then they went back down to survey the damage. "Looks like everything's holding up so far," Henry said, when he reached the opening to the catacomb. A jagged gash almost the width and height of a man stood where the little hole had been, but he was surprised the opening wasn't bigger. The rock was much tougher than it should have been. At least it was big enough to squeeze through standing up, though. "Luke, grab a lantern and come with me," Henry said. "The rest of you start checking the supports for damage."
	The two men squeezed through the opening into the unknown. Catacombs stretched through the city, but this particular section remained unexplored. No one even knew it existed, until one of the company's engineers stumbled onto the obscure map in the city archives. The company decided to use it as a shortcut for the gas lines, and if everything went according to plan, it could shave months off of the total project time. So far, Henry thought, everything was not going according to plan. 
	When Henry finally pushed through, he was standing in an arched tunnel that stretched off in either direction. The walls of the passage were unnaturally smooth, he noticed, and completely clean. The blast should have coated every surface with a fine layer of dust, but it was like a static charge was repelling the dirt. He held his hand against the cold rock and closed his eyes--he could almost hear a faint hum. "Magic," he whispered. "This tunnel was carved with magic."
	"I've never seen anything like this," Luke said. "None of the catacombs I've been in were built by magic."
	Henry opened up his lantern and looked down the tunnel. Nothing, but perfectly carved walls as far as he could see, but the floor seemed to slope gently downward in one direction.  "That's probably because there aren't many magicians around with the power to move this much rock." He laughed, "If there were we'd be out of a job."
	"Which way do you think Mike went, boss?" Luke asked.
	"Well, he was young and curious so I'm betting he set off that way," he said pointing in the direction of the downward slope. "Farther down and most likely to lead to trouble." Henry bent down and found a small stone next to the gash made by the blast. He reached back and threw it down the tunnel, listening to the echo as it bounced and rolled down the slope. He waited for the sound to stop, but it just faded away as it tumbled farther. When he could no longer hear the echo, he told Luke, "Well we better get going. Looks like tunnel goes down a ways." As soon as they started, Henry slid to a stop. "Did you hear that?"
	"Yeah boss, and I don't think it was the wind."
	"It almost sounded like someone calling my name," Henry added.
	"I thought it was calling me," Luke said shivering a bit. "It didn't sound like Mike."
	"Whatever it was, it came from down there," Henry said, pointing deeper down into the passage, "so let's pick up the pace." They moved quickly down the slope. After a few hundred yards, they found a doorway carved into the side of the tunnel. Henry held his lantern up. The room was perfectly round, about 50 feet across. In the middle, a solid stone platform rose from the ground, carved directly from the rock of the tunnel; a bleached white skeleton rested on top. His hands were laid across his chest, holding a heavy gold scepter. A huge gleaming emerald set into the top of the rod, sparkled in the lantern light. He had and thick gold bracelets wrapped around his wrists, and rings on every finger .
	Henry had seen remains in the catacombs throughout the city, but he was shocked by the open display of wealth. The crypts in the other catacombs he had visited were little more than mass graves. What had protected this treasure from looters over the centuries? Surely some grave robbers would have found it by now. Henry turned to Luke.
	"I know what you're thinking, but the government will claim it all for the crown," he said. "And there's no way we could get all of this treasure out of here without someone noticing." Luke just nodded his head, so Henry kept looking around the room. There were at least a dozen other skeletons, laid out in alcoves carved into the wall. Henry moved closer. Most of the corpses were wore elaborate jewelry, just like the central figure, but a few of them were shackled to the rock. Were they buried alive, he wondered.
	Henry walked around to the other side of the stone platform. Suddenly his eyes were drawn to the floor next to the platform--his heart pounded as he took in what he saw. There was Michael Collins lying still on the ground. Henry shined the lantern on his face; his eyes were wide open.
	"It's Mike!" Henry yelled. "He's dead, and from the look on his face, something must have startled him pretty good," He knelt down to investigate further. Luke ran to him, and they both looked over the body. He was stiff, but there was no sign of any injury. 
	Luke spoke up first, "Boss, looks like he just dropped dead."
	"Well he wasn't strangled, stabbed, or shot. That's for sure." Henry added. He was perplexed. He needed to find out how the boy died, so they could get on with the job and to clear his conscience. Not that he was particularly close to the boy, but he was responsible for him. Mike might even be alive if Henry hadn't left early the day before--he forced himself to concentrate. There'd be time to blame himself later. Right now he needed to focus. 
	He noticed the boy had a small white comb in his right hand, made of some type of bone. "I wonder why he's holding onto this?" Henry added as he pried it from his fingers.
	"He didn't have a girl that I know of," said Luke.
	The comb was very old. It was covered with scratches and so well used that the teeth were noticeably worn down. It felt odd as soon as Henry touched it. He couldn't describe it, except that it felt wrong somehow. "It's obviously a woman's comb, but I don't think a young girl would want it," Henry said. He closed his eyes; it had the same hum as the tunnel walls. 
	"You know, I think Mike lived with his grandmother. Maybe it belonged to her," Luke suggested.
	"Maybe, but why would he bring it down here." Henry thought for a second then added, "I have to tell Mike's grandmother about his death. I'll take the comb with me, and while I'm there, I can ask if she's noticed anything wrong with Mike."
	"Want me to come with you? Luke asked"
	"No, after you get Mike out, send everyone home for the night. I don't want anyone else wandering around the catacombs until I know what's going on. You need some rest, so I don't want you back here till tomorrow morning." 
	"OK, boss."
	"I'll figure this out," Henry said to himself.

	The tenement building Mike's grandmother lived in was only a few blocks away from the job site. She was on the first floor of the brick building and had the small luxury of a private entrance to the street. Before Henry even made it up the stairs, the door swung open. An old woman was standing in the doorway, talking to a rather young and rather pregnant girl. The girl noticed Henry and she scurried down the steps, clutching a jar of sloshing black liquid. She kept her head lowered to the side to avoid looking at him and almost tripped.
	"Careful young lady!" he said, as he reached out steady her. "You don't want to take a tumble in your condition." The old woman at the top of the stairs smirked at his comment, and the girl mumbled her thanks and hurried off, disappearing around a corner.
	"What are you doing here young man?" the old lady asked. Henry was hardly young, but the woman before him looked old enough to be Mike's great-grandmother. Her hair was held back in a scrawny bun, a few wisps struggling to escape, and her blue dress was out of fashion before Henry was born. "You're scaring away my customers."
	Mike's friends had said the old woman dabbled in unlicensed magic, maybe they were right. "Mrs. Collins?" Henry questioned.
	As she looked him over, he felt like a piece of fruit in a market stall. At least she hadn't tried to poke at him yet. "Yes, I'm Mrs. Collins. Who are you?"
	"I'm Mr. Donald. I'm Michael's boss--I'm afraid I have some bad news." Henry had done this enough times that this part almost felt scripted. "Can I come inside?" He thought he saw a hint of worry on her otherwise stoney expression when she motioned him to follow her in.
	The decor in the small tenement was much nicer than Henry would have expected. The sitting room was neat and orderly, and was lit by the eerie blue light of expensive glow crystals mixed with late afternoon sun. It appeared Mrs. Collins must have made quite a bit of extra money on the side. 
	"Mrs. Collins, you might want to take a seat," Henry suggested.
	Mrs. Collins had to know what was coming, but if she did, she hid her emotions well. She sat down in a high backed chair, and motioned for Henry to take a seat on the sofa across from her.	"Mrs. Collins," he said after taking a seat. "I'm sorry to tell you this, but Michael passed away. We found him down in the catacombs, earlier today. We're not sure how it happened; there wasn't a mark on his body. I'm very sorry for your loss. "
	Her shoulders slumped, and she turned her head for a moment. When she looked back at him, her eyes had gone completely cold. She sat there just staring at Henry, turning his blood to ice. He searched for something to say to break the tension, but his mind was blank. Finally, she spoke, the anger clear in her voice. "Your apologies aren't going to help my grandson. You shouldn't have been digging around in the crypts," she said, stabbing at the air with a her finger. "I told that boy not to take the job, but the money was too good. Something awful was going to happen down there, I just knew it." 
	Henry could see her anger subsiding a bit, so he went on. "Mrs. Collins, I know there is nothing I can say to comfort you, but I want to find out what happened to Michael. I was hoping to ask you about his health, and about this." He took the comb from his pocket. Her eyes flew to it. 
	"Where did you get that comb?" she asked, leaning closer towards him. It was an accusation more than a question.
	"Michael was holding it when we found him." He dropped the comb on the table. "Does it belong to you?"
	"And the crypts you were digging in, were they very old?" Mrs. Collins said, her eyes narrowing.	"Yes, I think they were, but what does that have to do with this. Do you know something you're not telling me?" Henry questioned.
	"Was there a woman's voice, calling out to you?"
	"How could you..." his voice trailed off. 
	Mrs. Collins looked at Henry. Her anger melted away as her face filled with genuine concern. She leaned forward, "Mr. Donald. My grandson didn't have any health problems. He was murdered. "
	"How do you know?" 
	Mrs. Collins pointed to the comb. "Because that belonged to a Baen Sidhe--I can feel it." Henry instinctively pushed the comb away. "A comb is its most prized possession, the last reminder of its former life. The quickest way anger a Baen Sidhe is to take its comb."
	Henry wasn't a superstitious man, but he had seen the look on Michael's face, and how could she know about the voice and the graves. He listened as she went on. "It's just like you heard as a boy. Centuries ago, the land was ruled by powerful families of magicians. Their rule was terrible and absolute, until the people rose up against them and appointed a king. The king wrote laws to prevent the magicians from regaining their power, and The College of Magic was established."
	"What do ancient magicians have to do with this?" he asked.
	"Listen young man." Mrs. Collins snarled. "Do you want me to continue, or not?" Henry stayed quiet. "That's better then. The old magicians revered their ancestors immensely. When they realized they were close to defeat, they looked for a way to protect their ancestral tombs."
	"Some kind of curse?" Henry interrupted.
 	"Not exactly," she replied. "The magicians needed an eternal protector. They knew that the fae folk live indefinitely, so they developed magic that could bind one to a tomb forever. Once captured, the faery grows tired of living locked up in a tomb, and begins to lose its connection to reality. As its mind warps, so does its body. Eventually, it becomes a perverted parody of itself--a Baen Sidhe."
	"But Michael didn't have a scratch?"
	"The fae folk have the power of illusion. A Baen Sidhe can cause real damage to the mind by only appearing to harm the body," she answered.
	"So it can make someone believe he's been injured, without physically harming him?"
	"Yes. You are listening aren't you?" Henry didn't know where the old woman had learned all this, but she seemed to have answers. 
	"Can it be killed?" he asked.
	"Yes, but you'll have to severe its head with cold steel," she said. "Getting it to sit still while you do the removing might be hard, though." Mrs. Collins stopped and thought for a while. "The fae hate salt. Maybe you could get it to eat something salty. That might slow it down." She couldn't be serious, he thought.
	"How would you get it eat something?"
	"Not my problem," she said looking straight at Henry, the steel back in her stare. "But Mr. Donald, if you do manage to kill the beast, promise you'll bring me its eyes."
	"Wait, I was only asking questions, I can't kill a Baen Sidhe. The College of Magic may not like the work we're doing, but it's their duty to deal with situations like this," he said.
	Mrs. Collins tilted her head slightly, "Young man, I thought you were smarter than that. The College would do anything to stop your project." Damn, the old woman was right. Once they found the Baen Sidhe, they'd have an excuse to shut them down for as long as they liked.
	"You have a point," he conceded.
	"I wouldn't be surprised if The College knew about his all along," she said. "I'm sure they have a map of the ancient burial sites."
	Henry's mind raced back to the map. The engineer who found it in the archives quit right after the discovery. He stood up quickly, picking up the comb. "Thank you for your time, Mrs Collins, but I should get going." His mind was racing so fast he almost forgot why he was there. "Once again, I am deeply sorry for your loss," he added.
	"This is your responsibility," she called as he headed out the door.
	
	Henry marched down the street, his pace fueled by his anger. The map was planted by the College of Magic, and he had walked straight into their trap. He should've known better than to go up against an enemy so powerful. He thought he could do some good--for the city--for his daughter, but now his dreams were slipping away. By tomorrow, gossip would spread, and he was sure The College would have an investigator out to take charge of the site. What could he do? He dug tunnels--he didn't kill monsters. 
	"They sure didn't mention anything about a Baen Sidhe when I took the job," he said to himself, sorry he ever even heard of the company in the first place. "Maybe I should just quit." He walked along, lost in his thoughts, unaware of were he was going. He caught himself just in time to avoid running into a young girl, walking in the opposite direction. The girl looked up at him as he passed by. Then she smiled.
	"Good evening young lady." He tipped his hat. She just kept smiling and walked by, but his thoughts turned to Lucy. How happy she was the day he got the job. He couldn't face her if he lost it, and have to tell her that a good school and a safer neighborhood were still out of reach. Then he thought about the other people who would suffer if the company went under; the families of the men who worked for him, and the families that lived along the dark streets. He had been working on this project for months; he couldn't let The College of Magic undo so much hard work. The thought of what he had to do terrified him, but there was no one else to do it. For him, the conclusion was unavoidable. The old woman was right. It was his responsibility. He had to kill the Baen Sidhe--tonight. 
	Henry had to go by home, to prepare. It was dark now, so he hoped Lucy would be asleep. He opened the front door, and quietly walked in--Lucy was there waiting for him. He should have expected her to be awake. She always knew when something was wrong, just like her mother. 
	"Daddy, I got your note this morning. Is everything alright at work?" she asked.
	"It's fine Darling. We found a big nest of rats in the tunnel, so I came home to get my gun," he answered. "Since you're up, could you get my sword down from the mantle?"
	"All right," she replied. If she wondered why he needed a sword to kill rats, she didn't ask.
	By the time he returned from the bedroom, with his short stocky flintlock, she already had the sword in its scabbard. It had a basket hilt to protect the hand, and a blade that was designed for both cutting and thrusting, a deadly weapon in the hands of an experienced swordsman. Henry kept it around to remind him of his days in the army, but he never thought he'd have to use it in combat again. He pulled the sword from its sheath, he could see his reflection in the blade. "Lucy you didn't have to clean it up so good. I kept it oiled, so it just needed dusting off," Henry said.
	"I cleaned it this morning. I was dusting the mantle, and I thought it could use some attention." 
	"That's a fortunate coincidence," he said. Or was it more of her mother's uncanny intuition, he thought. He sheathed the sword, and fastened the scabbard to his belt. "Thank you for the help, darling. Now you go get some sleep. I need to get back to work."
	"Can't you at least stay for tea?" The worry he saw on her face made him pause. He wanted to stay, but he couldn't. He'd just have to be sure he made it back. 
	"I have a job to do, but don't worry, I'll be back before you wake up," he said. As he walked to the door, he grabbed some salt from a bucket they used to keep ice off the front steps and wrapped it in a piece of cloth. He turned back to Lucy. "I love you," Henry said.
	"Love you too, Daddy," she replied. "Be careful," she called out as he left.
	"I will, darling," he said walking down the front steps.   	
	Henry made quick time to the site. He was determined to put an end to this as soon as he could. By the time he got there, the sky was pitch black. There was no sign of anyone else there, so he lit his lantern and went down the ramp, not bothering to change into his work coveralls. 
	Henry walked down the tunnel, and stood before the gateway to the catacombs, hesitating. He looked at the jagged tear in the rock, trying to work up the nerve to go on. He swung his gun down off his back. The weight of the weapon reassured him, so he swallowed, turned sideways and squeezed his way through. As his foot came down on the smooth floor, he heard something. It sounded like it came from farther down, toward where they had found Mike's body. 
	He stood quietly--listening. His ears tried to gather more information, but all heard now was his own rapid breath. His heart was racing, pumping adrenaline laced blood as fast as it could. "What have I gotten myself into?" he whispered. Every instinct screamed at him to turn back. He refused to listen, willing his feet to take him farther down the tunnel. 
	There it was again. Footsteps, from the darkness, far down into the tunnel. This time he couldn't fight his body's response, and he froze. "I came to hunt you. You're the one who should be scared," he reminded himself. He continued on, but he didn't feel like a hunter. He walked past the room were MIke, had been slain, and shined his light in. All clear. He kept going.
	"Henry..." a woman's voice called. It was clear at first then it faded off into echoes. "I'm here Henry," it called again. It was the same voice he'd heard earlier when he was first in the catacombs, raspy but still fetching; its beauty making it all the more terrifying. The voice was trying to drag him deeper into the tunnel. He wanted to run, to turn around and sprint back towards the entrance as fast as he could, but he forced his fear to to the back of his mind. He reminded himself that he had a job to do, and he couldn't go home until the beast was dead. He kept walking, past two more burial chambers.
	"Henry, come to me," it cried. "I'm waiting..." The voice faded out again. It was almost as if it could control the echos, stretching its calls out into emptiness. Henry had no way to tell how far down the voice came from, or how far he had walked, but he thought he could see faint glow up ahead a few hundred feet.
	"Henry..."
	"What do you want!" he yelled back as loud as he could, working his fear into a defiant shout. The cry cut through the terror. It was enough to let him continue on towards the glow. As he got closer he recognized the light. A glow crystal, very faint after the years, but still going.
	The tunnel opened up into a circular room like the others, but nearly twice as large. On a platform in the middle, the glow crystal was set into a ring on the finger of a very large skeleton. He could hardly believe it was still glowing after centuries underground. The magician who made it must have been extremely powerful. 
	He stepped closer to the room. Other skeletons lay in alcoves like the first room. Even the ones who were shackled wore ornate jewelry. The treasure on display here made the previous crypt look like a paupers grave. Diamonds and rubies glittered on the fingers of long dead nobles, reflecting the light of his lantern back at him. A massive gold crown rested on the head of the central skeleton. Enough wealth to tempt a saint. But he knew that it was off limits, even if he did kill the Baen Sidhe, the crown would claim the treasure. They might notice anything missing. 
	Henry entered the room. He heard a rustling sound, and shined his lantern down an opening in the right side of the room. His blood froze. A shadowy figure ran down the tunnel fleeing the light. He could barely make out an outline, but it was his first glimpse of the Baen Sidhe. How deep did these tunnels go, he wondered.
	"I don't have all day," he called out. She could keep leading him deeper and deeper forever. Maybe he could make her come to him. He sat his lantern on the platform in the middle of the room, and pulled out the comb. He was probably doing something very stupid, but he had to end this chase. "Do you want this back?" he yelled, holding up the comb in one hand and his gun in the other.
	A moan rang out from the darkness. A piercing wail that filled Henry with dread. He had its attention. He steeled himself and cried out, "better come and get it." Then he tossed the comb on the ground. The creature wailed again--louder, closer. The voice almost broke his resolve. His hard pounding like a hammer in his chest. It took everything he had not to lie down and curl up in a ball.
	The moan stopped. Then started again, but from the tunnel he had just came from. He cocked his gun and turned around to face it. The voice grew louder until it seemed to shut down his senses. It was in the room. Something slammed into him from behind, throwing him through the air. He saw a blinding flash as he slammed into the ground. His mind was blank. He struggled to reorient himself, but he couldn't stand. He lay there dazed tasting blood. He touched his hand to his face--a flash of pain from a huge gash on his cheek snapped him back to his senses. 
	His lantern was out, and his eyes hadn't adjusted to the dim glow crystal. He fumbled for one of the emergency flares in his jacket pocket. It burst into flame--His eyes shot to the center of the room. His stomach lurched forward, and his heart slammed into the front of his chest. There it was--The Baen Sidhe--suddenly thrown into view by the flare. All his carefully repressed fear came screaming to the front of his mind. Reaching over to pick up her comb, she was bathed in the devilish red glow of the flare. She was absolutely dreadful. Her long gown was torn to tatters, and her skin was stretched so tight the bones threatened to break through. Her hair was wild and flailed about even though the air was still. There was no trace of beauty left in this horrible creature. Her fingernails were so long, she almost couldn't grasp the comb as she stood there staring at it.
	Henry saw his gun. He reached over and grabbed it. The Baen Sidhe snapped her head towards him and met his gaze. Her eyes glowed like fiery coals, illuminating the black depths of the sockets. Her stare cut into his soul, there was nothing but unquestionable madness. Henry forced himself to focus. He raised the gun to his shoulder and took aim. "You don't even know enough to be scared?" he said in a low growl. How could she, guns weren't invented yet when she was locked down here. She crouched low. She wanted to rip him apart. He could see her muscles twitch, ready to pounce.	He pulled the trigger. The hammer slammed down igniting the priming powder. The main charge exploded, hurling a handful of rock salt towards the creature. In a split second the salt buried itself deep in her chest.
	The Baen Sidhe shrieked in pain. Henry was hit by a solid wall of sound. He threw down his gun and covered his ears. She writhed and clawed at her chest, ripping and tearing the flesh to get at the salt. It seemed that a Baen Sidhe greatly disliked having salt lodged in its skin.
	He wasn't sure how long it would take her to recover. He fought through the pain in his ears, drew his sword and walked toward the creature. There was a flash of light; Henry's vision blurred for a second. Suddenly were there had been a hideous beast, his wife now lay. He paused, unsure of what was happening.
	"Henry, what are you doing? Put down the sword," she pleaded. He looked around. He was back in his house, and his wife was lying down on the bed. What was going on? Was this really his wife? Was this a dream? Or maybe he had just woke from a dream. She looked real. He could even smell her perfume. Everything was the way he remembered it, and he wanted to believe it, but something didn't feel right. He looked down at her. A dark crimson stain spread out on her dress.
	"What...happened to you?" he asked, distraught.
	"You shot me, dear."
	"Why would I do that?" He asked, shocked at her answer. 	"It doesn't matter, I'll be fine," she assured him. "Now put down the sword, and come over here." Why had he shot his wife? Why couldn't he remember what he was just doing? He knew it was something important.
	"Put down the sword," she said more forcefully. He looked down at his sword, about to throw it away, but he saw a flash, the mirror shine caught his eye. He saw a reflection in the improvised mirror. He changed the angle. It was his wife's reflection, but it didn't match. He looked harder--it was the Baen Sidhe. It all came back to him. This wasn't his wife at all. She had been gone for 14 years. It was a trick. He walked over to the bed, still holding the sword.
	"Dear, what's wrong?" the Baen Sidhe asked. 
	"Nothing, darling," he said, raising the sword. He looked at the beast, his heart filled with contempt. "How dare you impersonate my wife. I won't let you tarnish her memory," he said, preparing to end an eternity of madness.
	The blade swept down in a blur--the sharp edge cut through flesh and bone, killing her scream before it could form. The creature's head rolled from its body.
	He slumped down against a wall, exhausted. He looked at the wealth spread out before him. Enough gold and jewels to tempt even a saint. A half smile spread to his lips. "Maybe they won't notice just one jewel."
