OVERVIEW of Capital City Gas Light

S1	
	Henry Donald is working on building a gas line through the city. 
They break through to the catacombs. 

Q1
	Henry goes home to eat dinner with his daughter, Lucy, on her 14th birthday. 
They have dinner and 3rd person explains how his wife died giving birth to Lucy. 
The next day Henry goes to work and, Luke tells Henry that they can't find George Haverbrooke. He wasn't there when they all left the sewers a few hours after Henry left. They go to work over the next few days and men keep disappearing. No one sees anything, they just aren't there anymore. They keep hearing Wailing coming from what seems to be far down the tunnels, but no one has been able to find anything. All of the men think the tunnels are haunted so Henry decides to go see a priest.

S2
	Henry goes to see the priest and tells him what happened, the priest tells him that he believes that it's not a spirit that plagues them, but a baen sidhe. He tells them he's heard stories about it. Then he asks why they are digging in the catacombs. He tells them that the engineer who was working on the plans found an old map he didn't remember in his drawer with the rest of the maps, that marked the catacombs. The priest suggests that it sounds suspicious and could be the work of the mages guild since everyone knows they have an interest in preventing the project, and they would probably be aware if anything was locked trapped in the catacombs. 
	The priest suggests that Henry contacts a hedge wizard since he can't go to the College of Magic.

Q2
	Henry walks back to the job site to warn Luke that the College of Magic may be behind this and to send the men home for a few days until he can figure this out. Luke warns him that the rep from the company was out and that he told him if they cant figure it out the project may be cancelled. Henry gets desperate and decides that he has to figure out what's going on so he decides to go see the hedge wizard. He has a % of the company and he will be ruined if the job is cancelled.

S3
	Henry goes to see the hedge wizard. The hedge wizard tells him all about Baen Sidhe. Tells him how to kill it with salt and cold steel. Warns him he has to kill it soon or it will grow strong enough to escape the catacombs and go on a killing spree. She gives him a lantern that will let him see the Baen Sidhe.

Q3
	Henry walks home and is furious. He figures that the College of Magic must be behind this. Once the Baen Sidhe starts killing people in the city the College of Magic will step in to investigate and put a stop to it. They will look like heroes and blame the Gas company for reckless exploration.  He has the old family sword he inherited, and he decides to grab that and some salt and make his way to the catacombs.

S4
	Henry heads to the catacombs, it's late at night and wanders in by himself. He hears wailing. He follows the wailing and notices it is drawing him deeper into the tunnels.  He finally catches a glimpse of it and in his lantern light. He follows it further. When he finds that he has reached a dead end the wailing starts from much closer. He begins to feel overcome with sadness over the lose of his wife and feels like he can't move and just wants to lie down. The Baen Sidhe flies at him and cuts his cheek, leaving a deep gash. This knocks some sense into him for a second and he turns raises his gun and shoots the Baen Sidhe, turns out he loaded it with rock salt. This wounds it and it slumps against the wall, but it just starts wailing even louder. He fights the sadness and starts walking towards it. Then it makes itself appear to be his dead wife, but doesn't speak. He realizes what it's doing overcomes his grief and hacks into it. He hits it once and the illusion is broken, then he hacks it's head off and it turns into a pile of bones and rags.	
S- wants to prevent cave in, he does
Q- decides to go home early

S- goes home tries to have dinner with daughter, he does
Q- reacts to dinner chooses to stay positive

S- goes to work, wants to finish job, can't man is lost
Q- reacts, analyzes, choose to blast opening and find him

S- wants to find him, he does, but he's dead
Q- reacts to dead body chooses to go see grandmother

S- talks to grandmother wants to learn more, learns about finds out about baen sidhe but its 
    hard to kill
Q- reacts to realization that its a baen sidhe, logically concludes that college of    
    magic set them up. analyzes situation, decides to go talk to the company about it.

S-  goes home to get changed first, finds daughter knows something is up b/c Luke came 
    by and said rep from college of magic came by and asked to do a routine inspection   
    of archaeological site tomorrow. 
Q- reacts to bad news, analyzes - thinks about his sword, gun, and salt tells daughter good bye, 
   decides he has to kill it tonight.

S- Goes to catacombs kills monster 


	