MILITARY

	The military is divided into 2 factions. The professional state run military answering directly to the king and his ministers and the personal guards of the nobles.
	The state military, further divided into army and navy, is similar to European military from the Napoleonic era. It is a professional military drawing men mostly from the lower and middle classes. The officers are mostly men of means, but are by and large not of noble birth. Some nobles do join the army and navy, but most of them view serving in the state military demeaning.
	According to custom large land owners owe the king a tax in the form of occasional military service. Since they generally do not serve in the army most nobles fulfill their military duty by raising small armies of their own commanded by themselves or a close relative. These personal guards usually consist of a few dozen mounted men at arms and a small handful of knights. The knight hasn't died off with the invention of guns because with enough money you can hire Mages to enchant armor to deflect most bullets. The commanders of the professional army hate these throwbacks to an earlier age. The knights are more concerned with wining glory and honor than winning battles and while they are very effective in combat they lack modern military discipline.
	The men at arms that ride with the knights do not have to money to pay for the powerful enchantments that protect their lords and instead of being fully armored in plate, they are more likely to be armored as a demi-lancer protected by just a breastplate and helmet. Serving as a man at arms in a nobles personal guard is very dangerous and most of them have signed their life away to get out of debtors prisons or in attempt to win fame and glory. Most knights care enough about their men to pay for minor enchantments to protect them. However a few knights have been known to lead their completely unprotected men on suicidal cavalry charges into withering gunfire knowing their own enchantments will hold, leading to the slaughter or their men.